# Terms of Service
Welcome to the Lignum Woodwork Website. Please feel free to browse the Site; however, by using our site, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of service. Please review the following terms carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not use this site. The term Lignum Woodwork or “us” or “we” or “our” refers to Lignum Woodwork, the owner of the Web site. The term “you” refers to the user or view of our WebSite.
You shall use the Site for lawful purposes only. You shall not post or transmit through the Site any information or material which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to liability or otherwise violate any law or administrative ruling or guidelines, is in violation of these Terms, or which, without Lignum Woodwork’s prior written approval, contain advertising or any solicitation with respect to products or services.
Acceptance of Agreement These Terms of Service, together with any additional terms to which you agree when using particular elements of the Lignum Woodwork Website, constitute that You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) with respect to our site (the “Site”). 
This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us and you, with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding any prior agreements representations, warranties and understanding between you and Lignum Woodwork with respect to the Site and such subject matter. We may amend this Agreement from time to time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted on the Site, and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site.

---

You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our Web pages or the content contained herein without our prior expressed written permission. You agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on our Site.
You agree to abide by all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations in your use of the Site. Our Site is available only to individuals who are permitted to use it under applicable law. If you do not qualify, please do not use our Site. You agree to be solely responsible for your actions and the contents of your transmissions through the Site. You agree not to impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your identity or affiliation with a person or entity.
Copyright The content, organization, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversation and other matters related to the Site are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you of any such matters or any part of the Site is strictly prohibited. You do not acquire ownership rights to any content, document or other materials viewed through the Site. The posting of information or materials on the Site does not constitute a waiver of any right in such information and materials. Some of the content on the site is the copyrighted work of third parties.

---

Limited License; Permitted Uses You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license (a) to access and use the Site strictly in accordance with this Agreement; (b) to use the Site solely for internal, personal, non-commercial purposes; and (c) to print out discrete information from the site solely for internal, personal, non-commercial purposes and provided that you maintain all copyright and other policies contained therein. No print out or electronic version of any part of the Site or its contents may be used by you in any litigation or arbitration matter whatsoever under any circumstances.
Restrictions and Prohibitions on Use Your license for access and use of the Site and any information, materials or documents (collectively defined as “Content and Materials”) therein are subject to the following restrictions prohibitions on use: 
You may not (a) copy, print, republish, display, distribute, transmit, sell, rent, lease, loan or otherwise make available in any form or by any means all or any portion of the Site or any content and Materials retrieved therefrom;(b) use the Site or any materials obtained from the Site to develop, of as a component of, any information, storage and retrieval system, database, information base, or similar resource (in any media not existing or hereafter developed), that is offered for commercial distribution of any kind, including through sale, license, lease, rental, subscription, or any other commercial distribution mechanism.
