# Privacy Policy
The Lignum Woodwork website (https://lignumcd.com) and the portfolio provide promotional information about Lignum Custom Design Co., its projects, and services. The images and information are copyrighted and may not be distributed, modified, or otherwise used outside the scope of normal web browsing without the express written permission of Lignum Woodwork. Unless otherwise noted, all trademarks and logos are the property of Lignum Woodwork and may not be used without our express written permission.
Information Collected To ensure we are able to communicate effectively with visitors to our web site, if you request or submit information to Lignum Woodwork by sending an e-mail via the “mail to:” function or filling out a “comment” form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. We call this “Personal Information,” and it includes, by way of illustration, names, addresses, telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about Lignum Woodwork’s services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.

Information Collected by Others This notice addresses only the policy of Lignum Woodwork’s website. The Lignum Woodwork Web site map provided links to third-party web sites for your convenience and as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. If you access those links, you will leave the Lignum Woodwork website. Lignum Woodwork does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Lignum Woodwork’s practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The Lignum Woodwork Privacy Statement does not cover the personal data you choose to provide or that is collected by these third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information Lignum Woodwork may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; such as in good faith, where we believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes Please note that Lignum Woodwork may periodically update this privacy statement without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices.
Last Updated February 1, 2021

